Welcome the owner back
It's been three years without me
If you go back to the owner, it has been stable for the past three years
The Diyun Group you founded back then
With the support of Longdian, it has developed rapidly
It has now been ranked as the number one company in the world
It's a village with a mansion like a god
That's so great!
What about the Shen family?
Your brother Shen Tian has occupied all the property of the Shen family
And now there is no trace.
I heard that I am doing some shady industries
Our people have been giving birth
Good Shen Tian
For the Shen family business
Brotherhood
Keep checking
One day
I will definitely send his subordinates
And do you want to sign up?
Ye family daughter who is married to you
Night Court has been waiting for you for three years
But never lifted the veil
Why is that?
I heard he was waiting for you to uncover it for him yourself
Wait for me for three years
I can't take it
You go and arrange it.
I want to meet Miss Ye Wanting
Yo
Isn't this Shen Yan?
I said you are a courier.
How did you end up in a place like this?
Get out of here you come here
Are you here for a blind date?
Haha bro
I suggest you don't do this.
Because no one will look at a useless thing
Hahaha, who said no one likes him?